# Goat Latin 山羊拉丁文

[0000851] Easy

- https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/goat-latin/

Topic Tags:

- [String 字符串](https://leetcode-cn.com/tag/string/)

A sentence `S` is given, composed of words separated by spaces. Each word consists of lowercase and uppercase letters only.

We would like to convert the sentence to "*Goat Latin"* (a made-up language similar to Pig Latin.)

The rules of Goat Latin are as follows:

- If a word begins with a vowel (a, e, i, o, or u), append `"ma"` to the end of the word.  
  For example, the word 'apple' becomes 'applema'.  

- If a word begins with a consonant (i.e. not a vowel), remove the first letter and append it to the end, then add `"ma"`.  
  For example, the word `"goat"` becomes `"oatgma"`.  

- Add one letter `'a'` to the end of each word per its word index in the sentence, starting with 1.  
  For example, the first word gets `"a"` added to the end, the second word gets `"aa"` added to the end and so on.

Return the final sentence representing the conversion from `S` to Goat Latin.

**Example 1:**

<pre><strong>Input: </strong>"I speak Goat Latin"
<strong>Output: </strong>"Imaa peaksmaaa oatGmaaaa atinLmaaaaa"
</pre>

**Example 2:**

<pre><strong>Input: </strong>"The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog"
<strong>Output: </strong>"heTmaa uickqmaaa rownbmaaaa oxfmaaaaa umpedjmaaaaaa overmaaaaaaa hetmaaaaaaaa azylmaaaaaaaaa ogdmaaaaaaaaaa"
</pre>

Notes:

- `S` contains only uppercase, lowercase and spaces. Exactly one space between each word.
- `1 <= S.length <= 150`.

## 翻译

给定一个由空格分割单词的句子  `S`。每个单词只包含大写或小写字母。

我们要将句子转换为  *“Goat Latin”*（一种类似于 猪拉丁文  - Pig Latin 的虚构语言）。

山羊拉丁文的规则如下：

- 如果单词以元音开头（a, e, i, o, u），在单词后添加`"ma"`。  
  例如，单词`"apple"`变为`"applema"`。

- 如果单词以辅音字母开头（即非元音字母），移除第一个字符并将它放到末尾，之后再添加`"ma"`。  
  例如，单词`"goat"`变为`"oatgma"`。

- 根据单词在句子中的索引，在单词最后添加与索引相同数量的字母`'a'`，索引从 1 开始。  
  例如，在第一个单词后添加`"a"`，在第二个单词后添加`"aa"`，以此类推。

返回将  `S`  转换为山羊拉丁文后的句子。

**示例 1:**

<pre><strong>输入: </strong>"I speak Goat Latin"
<strong>输出: </strong>"Imaa peaksmaaa oatGmaaaa atinLmaaaaa"
</pre>

**示例 2:**

<pre><strong>输入: </strong>"The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog"
<strong>输出: </strong>"heTmaa uickqmaaa rownbmaaaa oxfmaaaaa umpedjmaaaaaa overmaaaaaaa hetmaaaaaaaa azylmaaaaaaaaa ogdmaaaaaaaaaa"
</pre>

**说明:**

- `S`  中仅包含大小写字母和空格。单词间有且仅有一个空格。
- `1 <= S.length <= 150`。

## solution 题解

### C

```c


char * toGoatLatin(char * S){

}


```

### Go

```golang
func toGoatLatin(S string) string {

}
```

### Python3

```python
class Solution:
    def toGoatLatin(self, S: str) -> str:

```

### JavaScript

```javascript
/**
 * @param {string} S
 * @return {string}
 */
var toGoatLatin = function (S) {};
```

### Java

```java
class Solution {
    public String toGoatLatin(String S) {

    }
}
```
