# Replace Words 单词替换

[648] [Medium]

- https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/replace-words/

Topic Tags:

- [Trie (字典树)](https://leetcode-cn.com/tag/trie/)
- [Hash Table (哈希表)](https://leetcode-cn.com/tag/hash-table/)

Similar Questions:

- [Implement Trie (Prefix Tree) (实现 Trie (前缀树))](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/implement-trie-prefix-tree/)

In English, we have a concept called **root**, which can be followed by some other word to form another longer word - let's call this word **successor**. For example, when the **root** `"an"` is followed by the **successor** word `"other"`, we can form a new word `"another"`.

Given a `dictionary` consisting of many **roots** and a `sentence` consisting of words separated by spaces, replace all the **successors** in the sentence with the **root** forming it. If a **successor** can be replaced by more than one **root**, replace it with the **root** that has **the shortest length**.

Return _the `sentence`_ after the replacement.

**Example 1:**

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> dictionary = ["cat","bat","rat"], sentence = "the cattle was rattled by the battery"
<strong>Output:</strong> "the cat was rat by the bat"
</pre>

**Example 2:**

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> dictionary = ["a","b","c"], sentence = "aadsfasf absbs bbab cadsfafs"
<strong>Output:</strong> "a a b c"
</pre>

**Example 3:**

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> dictionary = ["a", "aa", "aaa", "aaaa"], sentence = "a aa a aaaa aaa aaa aaa aaaaaa bbb baba ababa"
<strong>Output:</strong> "a a a a a a a a bbb baba a"
</pre>

**Example 4:**

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> dictionary = ["catt","cat","bat","rat"], sentence = "the cattle was rattled by the battery"
<strong>Output:</strong> "the cat was rat by the bat"
</pre>

**Example 5:**

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> dictionary = ["ac","ab"], sentence = "it is abnormal that this solution is accepted"
<strong>Output:</strong> "it is ab that this solution is ac"
</pre>

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= dictionary.length <= 1000`
- `1 <= dictionary[i].length <= 100`
- `dictionary[i]` consists of only lower-case letters.
- `1 <= sentence.length <= 10^6`
- `sentence` consists of only lower-case letters and spaces.
- The number of words in `sentence` is in the range `[1, 1000]`
- The length of each word in `sentence` is in the range `[1, 1000]`
- Each two consecutive words in `sentence` will be separated by exactly one space.
- `sentence` does not have leading or trailing spaces.

## 翻译

在英语中，我们有一个叫做  `词根`(root)的概念，它可以跟着其他一些词组成另一个较长的单词——我们称这个词为  `继承词`(successor)。例如，词根`an`，跟随着单词  `other`(其他)，可以形成新的单词  `another`(另一个)。

现在，给定一个由许多词根组成的词典和一个句子。你需要将句子中的所有`继承词`用`词根`替换掉。如果`继承词`有许多可以形成它的`词根`，则用最短的词根替换它。

你需要输出替换之后的句子。

**示例 1：**

<pre><strong>输入：</strong>dictionary = ["cat","bat","rat"], sentence = "the cattle was rattled by the battery"
<strong>输出：</strong>"the cat was rat by the bat"
</pre>

**示例 2：**

<pre><strong>输入：</strong>dictionary = ["a","b","c"], sentence = "aadsfasf absbs bbab cadsfafs"
<strong>输出：</strong>"a a b c"
</pre>

**示例 3：**

<pre><strong>输入：</strong>dictionary = ["a", "aa", "aaa", "aaaa"], sentence = "a aa a aaaa aaa aaa aaa aaaaaa bbb baba ababa"
<strong>输出：</strong>"a a a a a a a a bbb baba a"
</pre>

**示例 4：**

<pre><strong>输入：</strong>dictionary = ["catt","cat","bat","rat"], sentence = "the cattle was rattled by the battery"
<strong>输出：</strong>"the cat was rat by the bat"
</pre>

**示例 5：**

<pre><strong>输入：</strong>dictionary = ["ac","ab"], sentence = "it is abnormal that this solution is accepted"
<strong>输出：</strong>"it is ab that this solution is ac"
</pre>

**提示：**

- `1 <= dictionary.length <= 1000`
- `1 <= dictionary[i].length <= 100`
- `dictionary[i]`  仅由小写字母组成。
- `1 <= sentence.length <= 10^6`
- `sentence`  仅由小写字母和空格组成。
- `sentence` 中单词的总量在范围 `[1, 1000]` 内。
- `sentence` 中每个单词的长度在范围 `[1, 1000]` 内。
- `sentence` 中单词之间由一个空格隔开。
- `sentence`  没有前导或尾随空格。

## solution 题解

### C

```c


char * replaceWords(char ** dictionary, int dictionarySize, char * sentence){

}
```

### Go

```golang
func replaceWords(dictionary []string, sentence string) string {

}
```

### Python3

```python
class Solution:
    def replaceWords(self, dictionary: List[str], sentence: str) -> str:
```

### JavaScript

```javascript
/**
 * @param {string[]} dictionary
 * @param {string} sentence
 * @return {string}
 */
var replaceWords = function (dictionary, sentence) {};
```

### Java

```java
class Solution {
    public String replaceWords(List<String> dictionary, String sentence) {

    }
}
```
